Cookies Policy
Facebook Ireland Limited has changed its name to Meta Platforms Ireland Limited. We've updated our Terms of Service, Data Policy and Cookies Policy to reflect the new name on 4 January 2022. While our company name has changed, we are continuing to offer the same products, including the Facebook app from Meta. Our Data Policy and Terms of Service remain in effect, and this name change does not affect how we use or share data. Learn more about Meta and our vision for the metaverse.



About cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files containing a string of characters that can be placed on your computer or mobile device, which uniquely identifies your browser or device. We may use technologies such as cookies, pixels and local storage to deliver, secure and understand products, services and ads.
What are cookies used for?
Cookies and other technologies allow a site or services to know if your computer or device has visited it before. These technologies can then be used to deliver products, services and ads, help us understand how the site or service is being used, help you navigate between pages efficiently, help us remember your preferences and generally improve your experience of using our services. Cookies can also help ensure that marketing you see online is more relevant to you and your interests.
Why does Instagram use cookies and similar technologies?
We use cookies, pixels, local storage and similar technologies to show you relevant content, improve your experience and help protect Instagram and our users. We may use these technologies to deliver the service, provide you with a service that is easy to use, enable you to move around the service and use its features, such as accessing secure areas, and store information so that Instagram responds faster. We may use these technologies to collect information about how you use the service, for example which pages you go to most often and whether you get error messages from certain pages. We may use these technologies to allow us to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you're in) and tailor the Service to provide enhanced features and content for you. These cookies can also be used to remember changes that you've made to the text size, font and other parts of pages that you can customise. Instagram or our advertising partners may use these technologies to deliver advertising that is relevant to your interests. These technologies can remember that your device has visited a site or service, and may also be able to track your device's browsing activity on other sites or services other than Instagram. This information may be shared with organisations outside Instagram, such as advertisers and/or advertising networks to deliver the advertising, and to help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. *We may use these technologies to understand, improve and research products and services.
How long will cookies stay on my device?
The length of time that a cookie will stay on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a "persistent" or "session" cookie. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you close your browser. Persistent cookies stay on your computer or mobile device until they expire or are deleted.
First- and third-party cookies
First-party cookies are cookies that belong to Instagram or another Meta Product. Third-party cookies are cookies that another party places on your device through our service. Third-party cookies may be placed on your device by someone providing advertising, measurement, marketing and analytics services to Instagram, or to provide certain features and improve our services for you. For example, other companies' cookies can help us understand how our service is being used. Third-party cookies may also be placed on your device by our business partners so that they can use them to advertise products and services to you elsewhere on the Internet, to measure the performance and effectiveness of those ads, and to support marketing and analytics.
How can you control cookies?
We use cookies to help personalise and improve content and services, provide a safer experience and to show you useful and relevant ads on and off Instagram. You can control how we use data to show you ads and more by using the tools described below.
If you have an Instagram account, you can manage your privacy settings in Settings.
If you do not have an Instagram account or are not logged in to your account, you can manage cookies from other companies on the Meta Products on this browser.
Follow the instructions provided by your website or mobile browser (usually located within the "Help", "Tools" or "Edit" facility) to control our cookies on other apps and websites, and cookies from other companies on Instagram. Please note that if you set your browser to disable cookies or other technologies, you may not be able to access certain parts of our Service and other parts of our Service may not work properly.
To learn more about the choices that advertisers provide generally for individuals to influence how information about their online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services is collected and used, visit the Network Advertising Initiative at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp, the Digital Advertising Alliance at http://www.aboutads.info/ or the European Digital Advertising Alliance at http://youronlinechoices.eu/.
In addition, your browser or device may offer settings that allow you to choose whether browser cookies are set and to delete them. These controls vary by browser and manufacturers may change both the settings they make available and how they work at any time. As of 23 June 2021, you may find additional information about the controls offered by popular browsers at the links below. Certain parts of the Meta Products may not work properly if you have disabled browser cookie use.
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Firefox
Safari
Safari Mobile
Opera

Date of last revision: 4 January 2022