Cookie Notice
Last updated September 15, 2020.

This Cookie Notice explains how we use cookies and similar technologies as well as the options you have to control them.

What are cookies and how does Reddit use them?
A cookie is a small text file that a site stores on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. Browsers support cookies and similar technologies (such as local storage and pixels) so that a site like Reddit can remember information about your visit and can use the information to improve your experience and to create aggregated anonymized statistics about usage of the site. In this Notice, we use the term “cookie” to refer both to cookies and similar technologies.

Cookies may be set by the site you are visiting (called “first-party cookies”) or by a third party, such as those who provide analytics or advertising services or interactive content on the site (“third-party cookies”). In addition to using cookies on our sites, we may also serve our cookies (specifically, our advertising pixel) on third-party sites operated by Reddit advertisers who use our advertising technology.

Our first-party cookies include cookies that are strictly necessary, functional cookies, cookies related to analytics/performance and advertising-related cookies.

Strictly Necessary: These cookies are necessary for our services to function properly and securely and cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but then some parts of the site will not work. These include:


Cookie		
Purpose		
Expires	

token,
d2_token		
Stores a login token needed to act as a logged in user.		
2 years	

session,
reddit_session		
Stores information that identifies your session.		
When browsing session ends	


Functional: These cookies enable Reddit to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these features may not function properly.

Analytics and Performance: These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.

Advertising: We use these cookies to deliver advertisements, to make them more relevant and meaningful to users, and to track the efficiency of our advertising campaigns, both on our services and on other sites or mobile apps. Our third-party advertising partners may use these cookies to build a profile of your interests and deliver relevant advertising on other sites.

Third-Party Cookies: Reddit’s services also include cookies from third parties that we partner with directly or indirectly. Many of these third parties are companies that work with us or with advertisers who advertise on Reddit in order to help target ads or measure the results of an advertising campaign.

Third-Party Sites: Third parties who advertise on Reddit may use our advertising technology, including our advertising pixel, on their sites. We may serve advertising cookies when you visit their sites so that we can measure the effectiveness of ads on Reddit and to show you more relevant advertising on Reddit. The placement of these cookies is controlled by the third-party sites.

How do I control cookies and how my data is used?
There are a number of ways you can control how information is collected from cookies on Reddit and how that information is used.

Your browser settings
Your browser includes controls that allow you to manage the use of cookies by the sites that you visit. Most browsers have features that enable you to see and delete cookies stored on your device and to block cookies from all or selected sites. For more information, here are links to external help materials from some of the popular browsers:

Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Your mobile device settings
Your mobile device may also include browser settings that allow you to manage the use of cookies, especially if the device supports installing apps such as iOS and Android devices. iOS and Android devices also include additional device settings that control whether advertising partners can use information about your app activity for advertising purposes. On iOS, you can search for a setting called Limit Ad Tracking. On Android, you can search for a setting called Opt out of Ads Personalization.

Third-party opt-outs
The major online advertising industry groups offer tools to limit how cookies are used for advertising purposes by participating third parties. More information is available on these sites from the Network Advertising Initiative, the Digital Advertising Alliance, and for users in the EU, the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance. Also, Google provides web users with the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent the collection of data via Google Analytics.

Reddit user settings
On Reddit, you can control your privacy settings and how Reddit uses data by visiting https://www.reddit.com/settings/privacy.